back with Clio the boisterous st.
Bernard we've drafted in behaviorist
Darion Lowe many times a week when we
have a tendency to train our dogs we go
over them and that's either can make a
nervous dog back away or it's you know
I'm not very effective so what I want to
do is be proud as a peacock if you like
but we also have our ignore the dog
stance which is you've probably see me
running around doing it is arms folded
the reason the arms are folded it denies
us the temptation to go get off get off
get off get off so arms folded head up
looking at the sky because dogs hate
that okay step away from her step back
now she rightful charms up immediately
and put your head up in the air look
away let's hope the neighbors aren't
looking now think we're doing a seance
but Cleo gets the message amazingly
quickly she's gone yep it's all very
well standing in the garden looking
stupid but will it work in the park
running away from Clio certainly doesn't
work so prepare yourself
fold those arms it may look totally
ridiculous but it works
[Music]
[Applause]
granny is a hardened nut to crack she is
softly about clear I suppose one could
say she's a real pushover but I know she
gets it just about as long as possible
[Applause]
let's explain what's happening here
let's look at this she mother is
actually rewarding Cleo's behavior and
that's why she has a jump rope Jerry
gets firm and his this granny has a
second try this time she's under
instruction ok walk in no eye contact
ok fold your arms and wait for her wait
till she's coming don't look at her
don't look at her cuz she is expecting
granny to do granny's normal routine ok
show the sits show the tip it looks a
good girl and then give her granny's
cuddles on 4 feet 4 feet that's good
right very good
grandmother's well trained yep
no shaking hands the roblem
[Music]